The change we'll need to make to our ConferenceSecurityConfig.java file
is very similar to what we did for jdbcAuthentication.
We're going to swap that out with ldapAuthentication, and we have a
userDnPatterns for the user ID we're going to be searching for and the
group or organizational unit that it will be under,
which is people, and our groupSearchBase.
And then that will build up our URL.
And you can see we just have in here our localhost 8389.
This string, I might point out,
could be submitted in through a JNDI lookup, through a database lookup.
There are a bunch of ways that this could be in here,
so don't think this has to be hardcoded in there,
but to make this example simpler,
we've gone ahead and just pasted this in here. And then notice
we're going to use the same passwordEncoder down below that we
used for our database configuration.
Let's switch our code to this now and get it updated to using these configuration parameters that we have listed here.